today we are talking about extensions
capillaries I think it will you
surprising to know that I - having
really very long I want I can
use extension cords and well you
know manach the extensions can also
serve tarot volumes as length and
make me decided today to
show you how frozen for you
is it because it was the extension one
clip last has here and that little clips
the in the top
that's not harmful for them
hair unlike anything that is
permanent stitched at college and mistakes
spent at the very beginning this is the team
of an extension as you see this has
could close like those where to open
like that it's not complicated I'm not going
I came to pick up the hair and
hanging it directly in the hair
then we'll push on and that's where
that's going to hold is in the cabbages the
ranks people who come in several
formats currently room had several
bands of different lengths month
the one I have and contains four bands
of one who is like that I have two benches
of two tape clips of three proud and
I also have two bands of four teams
so I start with the three
feet I 'll start in the good the
head i'm going to show you how I
do it so it's not complicated I'm going
start by repairing my hair a
section is every time I do that
I will add an extension bar
that I'm going to come over who is more
in michou and we repeat the exercise for
every new band of vouvoyer rendered
it's already not so bad
but I still have cape
tape added that's really needed
it if you find that you are going in
the opa who are less who are more or
less provided, for example, sometimes
can be here the front of the planet
since it's not bad everything is
behind the party but as you can
to see that makes me really a beautiful is
a good mass of dark hair because
convinced that the refusal described what it
really does the beautiful braids
bulky I would like below and
happened to curl them up or if you
have natural hair extensions
then when it's true it's really
something relaxation reform to
to have a child who can just add
a little they touch more aware
for your game it's ok I thought
I think that every day because
that she missed you, it gives you
sore not do it in the long run
who
but hey you are like to the postulants to
thank you it takes 3 minutes and then it is
left
I asked a question on facebook
it is to know if you had interested
that I make this video if and I had
obviously I had a lot of answers
positive then I also have a question
concerning
where did I take my extension
then I tried I have two sets of
extension
I'm trying from here who was just like
can see the cemac lodge all
naturally that I thought to myself that I
the nutty brand north sauces and
extensions I bought on the
noises I bought two sets of extension
that I ran together then that
works well but as far as
the one that I currently have three
years as jesus xl yellow and black and knew
from the oxygen to the sky that make
historians at bull ben it's via this
that I bought but then slows down as
I think it's been three years and that the
his super rebel
that's what I wear them super is
often but just that his superman
beautiful qualities are easy to
harmonize and curly to flatten all that
I've seen them a few times
who are still all so beautiful I
am really very satisfied with 2 c the
along the short a good quality of
extension then it's safe to pay
an extended recipe price that can
cost roughly around 160
dollars if I'm not wrong but like
it takes so long but it
worth it all the same
who would like to go shopping on
their site that may eventually
in long rats
I contacted the company look cr with
a lot of hope for those who know this
I really like an extension job
jousts did that I told them and
that I was going to make a video I had
talked about lengthening it a bit and they
offered to offer me to offer you
actually a $ 5 promo will be
the whole revival charter I do not know
not huge but it's already better than
nothing at all and well here's if you ever
are interested the coupon code is going to be
more info and if I'm wrong I
think it's just a migrant
brunette at all
it will be active all the month of February
so from the 1st to the 28th and from the 1st
March
the body to disable that's what makes the
tour of my video on the extensions
I hope it lights you up
not only a next video
this application